{"escitalopram": "Escitalopram is an antidepressant in a group of drugs called selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs). Escitalopram affects chemicals in the brain that may become unbalanced and cause depression or anxiety.", "gabitril": "Tiagabine is an anti-epileptic medication, also called an anticonvulsant.", "singulair": "Singulair is a leukotriene (loo-koe-TRY-een) inhibitor. Leukotrienes are chemicals your body releases when you breathe in an allergen (such as pollen). These chemicals cause swelling in your lungs and tightening of the muscles around your airways, which can result in asthma symptoms.", "carvedilol": "Carvedilol is a beta-blocker. Beta-blockers affect the heart and circulation (blood flow through arteries and veins).", "tramadol": "Tramadol is a narcotic-like pain reliever.", "naprosyn": "Naprosyn (naproxen) is a nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID). Naproxen works by reducing hormones that cause inflammation and pain in the body.", "lyrica": "Lyrica (pregabalin) is an anti-epileptic drug, also called an anticonvulsant. It works by slowing down impulses in the brain that cause seizures. Lyrica also affects chemicals in the brain that send pain signals across the nervous system.", "oxycodone": "Oxycodone is an opioid pain medication. An opioid is sometimes called a narcotic.", "lortab": "Lortab contains a combination of acetaminophen and hydrocodone. Both medicines are pain killers. Hydrocodone is an opioid pain medication. An opioid is sometimes called a narcotic. Acetaminophen is a less potent pain reliever that increases the effects of hydrocodone.", "dopamine": "Dopamine is a medication form of a substance that occurs naturally in the body. It works by improving the pumping strength of the heart and improves blood flow to the kidneys.", "paracetamol": "Paracetamol (acetaminophen) is a pain reliever and a fever reducer. The exact mechanism of action of is not known.", "biaxin": "Biaxin (clarithromycin) is a macrolide antibiotic. It fights bacteria in your body.", "niacin": "Niacin, also called nicotinic acid, is a B vitamin (vitamin B3). It occurs naturally in plants and animals, and is also added to many foods as a vitamin supplement. It is also present in many multiple vitamins and nutritional supplements.", "fungoid": "Miconazole topical is an antifungal medication. Miconazole topical prevents fungus from growing on your skin.", "meloxicam": "Meloxicam (Mobic) is a nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID). It works by reducing hormones that cause inflammation and pain in the body.", "plavix": "Plavix (clopidogrel) keeps the platelets in your blood from coagulating (clotting) to prevent unwanted blood clots that can occur with certain heart or blood vessel conditions.", "fentanyl": "Fentanyl is a narcotic (opioid) analgesic. It works in the brain and nervous system to cause anesthesia and decrease pain.", "trimethoprim": "Trimethoprim is an antibiotic that fights bacteria in the body.", "buspar": "BuSpar (buspirone) is an anti-anxiety medicine that affects chemicals in your brain that may become unbalanced and cause anxiety.", "nystatin": "Nystatin is an antifungal medication.", "viagra": "Viagra (sildenafil) relaxes muscles and increases blood flow to particular areas of the body.", "zithromax": "Zithromax (azithromycin) is an antibiotic that fights bacteria.", "amitriptyline": "Amitriptyline is a tricyclic antidepressant. It affects chemicals in the brain that may become unbalanced.", "sudafed": "Sudafed (pseudoephedrine) is a decongestant that shrinks blood vessels in the nasal passages. Dilated blood vessels can cause nasal congestion (stuffy nose).", "vicodin": "Vicodin contains a combination of acetaminophen and hydrocodone. Both medicines are pain killers. Hydrocodone is an opioid pain medication. An opioid is sometimes called a narcotic. Acetaminophen is a less potent pain reliever that increases the effects of hydrocodone.", "bactrim": "Bactrim contains a combination of sulfamethoxazole and trimethoprim. Sulfamethoxazole and trimethoprim are are both antibiotics that treat different types of infection caused by bacteria.", "claritin": "Claritin (loratadine) is an antihistamine that reduces the effect of the natural chemical histamine in the body. Histamine can produce symptoms of sneezing, itching, watery eyes, and runny nose.", "toprol": "Toprol-XL (metoprolol) is a beta-blocker that affects the heart and circulation (blood flow through arteries and veins).", "verapamil": "Verapamil is a calcium channel blocker. It works by relaxing the muscles of your heart and blood vessels.", "fluoxetine": "Fluoxetine is a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRI) antidepressant. Fluoxetine affects chemicals in the brain that may become unbalanced and cause depression, panic, anxiety, or obsessive-compulsive symptoms.", "citalopram": "Citalopram (Celexa) is an antidepressant in a group of drugs called selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs).", "tegretol": "Tegretol (carbamazepine) is an anticonvulsant. It works by decreasing nerve impulses that cause seizures and pain.", "ambien": "Ambien (zolpidem) is a sedative, also called a hypnotic. It affects chemicals in your brain that may become unbalanced and cause sleep problems (insomnia).", "flonase": "Flonase (fluticasone) is a steroid nasal spray. It prevents the release of substances in the body that cause inflammation.", "indocin": "Treating moderate to severe rheumatoid arthritis, osteoarthritis, and ankylosing spondylitis. It is used to treat gout, certain types of bursitis and tendonitis, or mild to moderate pain. It may also be used for other conditions as determined by your doctor.", "lamisil": "Lamisil (terbinafine) is an antifungal medication that fights infections caused by fungus.", "mirapex": "Mirapex (pramipexole) has some of the same effects as a chemical called dopamine, which occurs naturally in your body. Low levels of dopamine in the brain are associated with Parkinson's disease.", "plaquenil": "Plaquenil (hydroxychloroquine) is used to treat or prevent malaria, a disease caused by parasites that enter the body through the bite of a mosquito. Malaria is common in areas such as Africa, South America, and Southern Asia.", "meridia": "Meridia (sibutramine) was withdrawn from the U.S. market in October 2010.", "fluconazole": "Fluconazole is an antifungal antibiotic.", "cyclobenzaprine": "Cyclobenzaprine is a muscle relaxant. It works by blocking nerve impulses (or pain sensations) that are sent to your brain.", "simvastatin": "Simvastatin is in a group of drugs called HMG CoA reductase inhibitors, or \"statins.\" It reduces levels of \"bad\" cholesterol (low-density lipoprotein, or LDL) and triglycerides in the blood, while increasing levels of \"good\" cholesterol (high-density lipoprotein, or HDL).", "clindamycin": "Clindamycin is an antibiotic that fights bacteria in the body.", "benadryl": "Benadryl is an antihistamine. Diphenhydramine blocks the effects of the naturally occurring chemical histamine in the body.", "elavil": "Elavil is in a group of drugs called tricyclic antidepressants. Elavil affects chemicals in the brain that may become unbalanced.", "zofran": "Zofran (ondansetron) blocks the actions of chemicals in the body that can trigger nausea and vomiting.", "zolpidem": "Zolpidem is a sedative, also called a hypnotic. It affects chemicals in your brain that may become unbalanced and cause sleep problems (insomnia).", "nytol-caplet": "Diphenhydramine is an antihistamine that reduces the effects of natural chemical histamine in the body. Histamine can produce symptoms of sneezing, itching, watery eyes, and runny nose.", "lipitor": "Lipitor (atorvastatin) belongs to a group of drugs called HMG CoA reductase inhibitors, or \"statins.\" Lipitor reduces levels of \"bad\" cholesterol (low-density lipoprotein, or LDL) and triglycerides in the blood, while increasing levels of \"good\" cholesterol (high-density lipoprotein, or HDL).", "kava": "Kava is also known as Piper methysticum, awa, kava-kava, kew, tonga, ava, ava pepper, intoxicating pepper, kawa, kava pepper, kava root, rauschpfeffer, sakau, tonga, wurzelstock, and yangona.", "potassium": "Potassium is a mineral that is found in many foods and is needed for several functions of your body, especially the beating of your heart.", "alavert": "Loratadine is an antihistamine that reduces the effects of natural chemical histamine in the body. Histamine can produce symptoms of sneezing, itching, watery eyes, and runny nose.", "refresh": "There are many brands and forms of ocular lubricant available and not all are listed on this leaflet.", "concerta": "Concerta (methylphenidate) is a central nervous system stimulant. It affects chemicals in the brain and nerves that contribute to hyperactivity and impulse control.", "zoloft": "Zoloft (sertraline) is an antidepressant in a group of drugs called selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs). Sertraline affects chemicals in the brain that may become unbalanced and cause depression, panic, anxiety, or obsessive-compulsive symptoms.", "lasix": "Lasix (furosemide) is a loop diuretic (water pill) that prevents your body from absorbing too much salt, allowing the salt to instead be passed in your urine.", "lamictal": "Lamictal (lamotrigine) is an anti-epileptic medication, also called an anticonvulsant.", "augmentin": "Augmentin is a penicillin antibiotic.", "keppra": "Keppra (levetiracetam) is an anti-epileptic drug, also called an anticonvulsant.", "wellbutrin": "Wellbutrin (bupropion) is an antidepressant medication. It works in the brain to treat depression.", "metoprolol": "Metoprolol is a beta-blocker that affects the heart and circulation (blood flow through arteries and veins).", "reglan": "Reglan (metoclopramide) increases muscle contractions in the upper digestive tract. This speeds up the rate at which the stomach empties into the intestines.", "klonopin": "Klonopin (clonazepam) is in a group of drugs called benzodiazepines (ben-zoe-dye-AZE-eh-peens). Clonazepam affects chemicals in the brain that may become unbalanced and cause anxiety.", "nicotine": "Nicotine is the primary ingredient in tobacco products.", "roxicodone": "Oxycodone is an opioid pain medication. An opioid is sometimes called a narcotic.", "remeron": "Remeron (mirtazapine) is a tetracyclic antidepressant. It affects chemicals in the brain that may become unbalanced and cause depression. It is thought to increase the activity of norepinephrine and serotonin which help elevate mood.", "soma": "Soma is a muscle relaxer that works by blocking pain sensations between the nerves and the brain.", "commit": "Nicotine is the primary ingredient in tobacco products.", "celexa": "Celexa (citalopram) is an antidepressant in a group of drugs called selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs).", "vioxx": "Vioxx was withdrawn from the U.S. market in 2004.", "cipro": "Cipro (ciprofloxacin) is an antibiotic belonging to a group of drugs called fluoroquinolones. Ciprofloxacin fights bacteria in the body.", "paxil": "Paxil (paroxetine) is an antidepressant in a group of drugs called selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs). Paroxetine affects chemicals in the brain that may become unbalanced.", "diclofenac": "Diclofenac is a nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID). This medicine works by reducing substances in the body that cause pain and inflammation.", "isosorbide": "Isosorbide dinitrate is in a group of drugs called nitrates. Isosorbide dinitrate dilates (widens) blood vessels, making it easier for blood to flow through them and easier for the heart to pump.", "ibuprofen": "Ibuprofen is a nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID). It works by reducing hormones that cause inflammation and pain in the body.", "methotrexate": "Methotrexate interferes with the growth of certain cells of the body, especially cells that reproduce quickly, such as cancer cells, bone marrow cells, and skin cells.", "penicillin": "Penicillin V is an antibiotic in the penicillin group of drugs. It fights bacteria in your body.", "alcohol": "None", "aleve": "Aleve (naproxen) is a nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID). Naproxen works by reducing hormones that cause inflammation and pain in the body.", "skelaxin": "Skelaxin is a muscle relaxant. It works by blocking nerve impulses (or pain sensations) in the brain.", "dramamine": "Preventing and treating nausea, vomiting, and dizziness caused by motion sickness. It may also be used for other conditions as determined by your doctor.", "caffeine": "None", "avinza": "Avinza (morphine) is an opioid pain medication. An opioid is sometimes called a narcotic.", "alprazolam": "Alprazolam belongs to a group of drugs called benzodiazepines (ben-zoe-dye-AZE-eh-peens). It works by slowing down the movement of chemicals in the brain that may become unbalanced. This results in a reduction in nervous tension (anxiety).", "atenolol": "Atenolol (Tenormin) is in a group of drugs called beta-blockers. Beta-blockers affect the heart and circulation (blood flow through arteries and veins).", "levaquin": "Levaquin (levofloxacin) is in a group of antibiotics called fluoroquinolones (flor-o-KWIN-o-lones). Levofloxacin fights bacteria in the body.", "lisinopril": "Lisinopril is in a group of drugs called ACE inhibitors. ACE stands for angiotensin converting enzyme.", "erythromycin": "Erythromycin is in a group of drugs called macrolide antibiotics. Macrolide antibiotics slow the growth of, or sometimes kill, sensitive bacteria by reducing the production of important proteins needed by the bacteria to survive.", "sibutramine": "Sibutramine was withdrawn from the U.S. market in October 2010.", "methamphetamine": "Methamphetamine is a central nervous system stimulant. It affects chemicals in the brain and nerves that contribute to hyperactivity and impulse control.", "librium": "Chlordiazepoxide is in a group of drugs called benzodiazepines (ben-zoe-dye-AZE-eh-peens). Chlordiazepoxide affects chemicals in the brain that may become unbalanced and cause anxiety.", "clomid": "Clomid (clomiphene) is a non-steroidal fertility medicine. It causes the pituitary gland to release hormones needed to stimulate ovulation (the release of an egg from the ovary).", "cephalexin": "Cephalexin is in a group of drugs called cephalosporin antibiotics and is used to fight bacteria in the body. It works by interfering with the bacteria's cell wall formation, causing it to rupture, and killing the bacteria.", "duragesic": "Duragesic is a skin patch containing fentanyl, an opioid pain medicine. An opioid is sometimes called a narcotic.", "avapro": "Avapro (irbesartan) belongs to a group of drugs called angiotensin II receptor antagonists. Irbesartan keeps blood vessels from narrowing, which lowers blood pressure and improves blood flow.", "multivitamins": "Multivitamins are a combination of many different vitamins that are normally found in foods and other natural sources.", "heroin": "None", "clarithromycin": "Clarithromycin is a macrolide antibiotic. It fights bacteria in your body.", "adderall": "Adderall contains a combination of amphetamine and dextroamphetamine. Amphetamine and dextroamphetamine are central nervous system stimulants that affect chemicals in the brain and nerves that contribute to hyperactivity and impulse control.", "naproxen": "Naproxen is a nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID). It works by reducing hormones that cause inflammation and pain in the body.", "flagyl": "Flagyl (metronidazole) is an antibiotic. It fights bacteria in your body.", "valium": "Valium (diazepam) is a benzodiazepine (ben-zoe-dye-AZE-eh-peens). Diazepam affects chemicals in the brain that may become unbalanced and cause anxiety.", "dyazide": "Dyazide contains a combination of hydrochlorothiazide and triamterene. Hydrochlorothiazide is a thiazide diuretic (water pill) that helps prevent your body from absorbing too much salt, which can cause fluid retention. Triamterene is a potassium-sparing diuretic that also prevents your body from absorbing too much salt and keeps your potassium levels from getting too low.", "opium": "None", "topamax": "Topamax (topiramate) is a seizure medication, also called an anticonvulsant.", "amoxicillin": "Amoxicillin is a penicillin antibiotic. It fights bacteria in your body.", "dilaudid": "Dilaudid (hydromorphone) is an opioid pain medication. An opioid is sometimes called a narcotic.", "lunesta": "Lunesta is a sedative, also called a hypnotic. It affects chemicals in your brain that may become unbalanced and cause sleep problems (insomnia).", "crestor": "Crestor is in a group of drugs called HMG CoA reductase inhibitors, or \"statins.\" Rosuvastatin reduces levels of \"bad\" cholesterol (low-density lipoprotein, or LDL) and triglycerides in the blood, while increasing levels of \"good\" cholesterol (high-density lipoprotein, or HDL).", "restoril": "Restoril belongs to a group of drugs called benzodiazepines (ben-zoe-dye-AZE-eh-peens). It affects chemicals in the brain that may become unbalanced and cause sleep problems (insomnia).", "gabapentin": "Gabapentin is an anti-epileptic medication, also called an anticonvulsant. It affects chemicals and nerves in the body that are involved in the cause of seizures and some types of pain.", "zyprexa": "Zyprexa (olanzapine) is an antipsychotic medication that affects chemicals in the brain.", "niaspan": "Niaspan ER extended release works by reducing LDL (\"bad\") cholesterol and triglycerides and increasing HDL (\"good\") cholesterol. Niaspan contains niacin, also called nicotinic acid, a B vitamin (vitamin B3). It occurs naturally in plants and animals and is present in many multiple vitamin supplements.", "flexeril": "Flexeril (cyclobenzaprine) is a muscle relaxant. It works by blocking nerve impulses (or pain sensations) that are sent to your brain.", "procrit": "Procrit (epoetin alfa) is a man-made form of a protein that helps your body produce red blood cells. The amount of this protein in your body may be reduced when you have kidney failure or use certain medications. When fewer red blood cells are produced, you can develop a condition called anemia.", "nifedipine": "Nifedipine is in a group of drugs called calcium channel blockers. It works by relaxing the muscles of your heart and blood vessels.", "pepcid": "Pepcid (famotidine) is a histamine-2 blocker. It works by decreasing the amount of acid the stomach produces.", "toradol": "Toradol is in a group of drugs called nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs). It works by reducing hormones that cause inflammation and pain in the body.", "abilify": "Abilify (aripiprazole) is an antipsychotic medication. It works by changing the actions of chemicals in the brain.", "doxycycline": "Doxycycline is a tetracycline antibiotic. It fights bacteria in the body.", "mobic": "Mobic (meloxicam) is a nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID). Meloxicam works by reducing hormones that cause inflammation and pain in the body.", "seroquel": "Seroquel (quetiapine) is an antipsychotic medicine. It works by changing the actions of chemicals in the brain.", "zocor": "Zocor (simvastatin) belongs to a group of drugs called HMG CoA reductase inhibitors, or \"statins\". Simvastatin reduces levels of \"bad\" cholesterol (low-density lipoprotein, or LDL) and triglycerides in the blood, while increasing levels of \"good\" cholesterol (high-density lipoprotein, or HDL).", "propranolol": "Propranolol is a beta-blocker. Beta-blockers affect the heart and circulation (blood flow through arteries and veins).", "trazodone": "Trazodone is an antidepressant medicine. It affects chemicals in the brain that may become unbalanced and cause depression.", "tequin": "Tequin is an antibiotic in a group of drugs called fluoroquinolones. It fights bacteria in the body.", "albuterol": "Albuterol is a bronchodilator that relaxes muscles in the airways and increases air flow to the lungs.", "ciprofloxacin": "Ciprofloxacin is an antibiotic in a group of drugs called fluoroquinolones (flor-o-KWIN-o-lones). Ciprofloxacin fights bacteria in the body.", "prozac": "Prozac (fluoxetine) is a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRI) antidepressant. Prozac affects chemicals in the brain that may become unbalanced and cause depression, panic, anxiety, or obsessive-compulsive symptoms.", "prazosin": "Prazosin is in a group of drugs called alpha-adrenergic (AL-fa ad-ren-ER-jik) blockers. Prazosin relaxes your veins and arteries so that blood can more easily pass through them.", "motrin": "Motrin (ibuprofen) is a nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID). It works by reducing hormones that cause inflammation and pain in the body.", "prilosec": "Prilosec (omeprazole) belongs to group of drugs called proton pump inhibitors. Omeprazole decreases the amount of acid produced in the stomach.", "provigil": "Provigil (modafinil) is a medication that promotes wakefulness. It is thought to work by altering the natural chemicals (neurotransmitters) in the brain.", "darvocet": "Darvocet (acetaminophen and propoxyphene) was withdrawn from the U.S. market in November 2010.", "metronidazole": "Metronidazole is an antibiotic. It fights bacteria in your body.", "altace": "Altace (ramipril) is an ACE inhibitor. ACE stands for angiotensin converting enzyme.", "norvasc": "Norvasc (amlodipine) belongs to a group of drugs called calcium channel blockers. Norvasc relaxes (widens) blood vessels and improves blood flow.", "metformin": "Metformin is an oral diabetes medicine that helps control blood sugar levels.", "aspirin": "Aspirin is a salicylate (sa-LIS-il-ate). It works by reducing substances in the body that cause pain, fever, and inflammation.", "pamelor": "Treating depression. It may also be used for other conditions as determined by your doctor.", "furosemide": "Furosemide is a loop diuretic (water pill) that prevents your body from absorbing too much salt, allowing the salt to instead be passed in your urine.", "meclizine": "Meclizine is an antihistamine that reduces the effects of natural chemical histamine in the body.", "dextroamphetamine": "Dextroamphetamine is a central nervous system stimulant. It affects chemicals in the brain and nerves that contribute to hyperactivity and impulse control.", "fioricet": "Fioricet contains a combination of acetaminophen, butalbital, and caffeine. Acetaminophen is a pain reliever and fever reducer. Butalbital is in a group of drugs called barbiturates. It relaxes muscle contractions involved in a tension headache. Caffeine is a central nervous system stimulant. It relaxes muscle contractions in blood vessels to improve blood flow.", "prevacid": "Prevacid (lansoprazole) belongs to a group of drugs called proton pump inhibitors. Prevacid decreases the amount of acid produced in the stomach.", "anafranil": "Treating obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD). It may also be used for other conditions as determined by your doctor.", "lorazepam": "Lorazepam is in a group of drugs called benzodiazepines (ben-zoe-dye-AZE-eh-peens). It affects chemicals in the brain that may become unbalanced and cause anxiety.", "atarax": "Atarax (hydroxyzine) reduces activity in the central nervous system. It also acts as an antihistamine that reduces the natural chemical histamine in the body. Histamine can produce symptoms of sneezing and runny nose, or hives on the skin.", "chantix": "Chantix (varenicline) is a smoking cessation medicine. It is used together with behavior modification and counseling support to help you stop smoking. Chantix works in the brain to block the pleasurable effects of smoking. This helps to decrease your desire to keep smoking.", "nizoral": "Nizoral (ketoconazole) is an antifungal medication that fights infections caused by fungus.", "neurontin": "Neurontin (gabapentin) is an anti-epileptic medication, also called an anticonvulsant. It affects chemicals and nerves in the body that are involved in the cause of seizures and some types of pain.", "buprenorphine": "Buprenorphine is an opioid medication. An opioid is sometimes called a narcotic.", "lamotrigine": "Lamotrigine is an anti-epileptic medication, also called an anticonvulsant.", "zanaflex": "Zanaflex is a short-acting muscle relaxer. It works by blocking nerve impulses (pain sensations) that are sent to your brain.", "geodon": "Geodon (ziprasidone) is an antipsychotic medication. It works by changing the effects of chemicals in the brain.", "zyrtec": "Zyrtec (cetirizine) is an antihistamine that reduces the effects of natural chemical histamine in the body. Histamine can produce symptoms of sneezing, itching, watery eyes, and runny nose.", "methadone": "Methadone is an opioid medication. An opioid is sometimes called a narcotic. Methadone reduces withdrawal symptoms in people addicted to heroin or other narcotic drugs without causing the \"high\" associated with the drug addiction.", "keflex": "Keflex is in a group of drugs called cephalosporin antibiotics. Keflex fights bacteria in the body.", "percocet": "Percocet contains a combination of acetaminophen and oxycodone. Oxycodone is an opioid pain medication. An opioid is sometimes called a narcotic. Acetaminophen is a less potent pain reliever that increases the effects of oxycodone.", "darvon": "Propoxyphene was withdrawn from the U.S. market in November 2010.", "voltaren": "Voltaren (diclofenac) is a nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID). This medicine works by reducing substances in the body that cause pain and inflammation.", "ephedrine": "Ephedrine is used for temporary relief of shortness of breath, chest tightness, and wheezing due to bronchial asthma. Ephedrine may also be used for other conditions as determined by your doctor.", "phenergan": "Phenergan is an antihistamine. It blocks the effects of the naturally occurring chemical histamine in your body.", "phentermine": "Phentermine is a stimulant similar to an amphetamine. It acts as an appetite suppressant by affecting the central nervous system.", "compazine": "Prochlorperazine is an anti-psychotic medicine in a group of drugs called phenothiazines (FEEN-oh-THYE-a-zeens). It works by changing the actions of chemicals in your brain.", "tikosyn": "Dofetilide is a heart rhythm medicine, also called an antiarrhythmic.", "inderal": "Inderal (propranolol) is a beta-blocker. Beta-blockers affect the heart and circulation (blood flow through arteries and veins).", "mirtazapine": "Mirtazapine (Remeron) is an antidepressant. It affects chemicals in the brain that may become unbalanced and cause depression.", "allegra": "Allegra (fexofenadine) is an antihistamine that reduces the effects of natural chemical histamine in the body. Histamine can produce symptoms of sneezing, itching, watery eyes, and runny nose.", "cymbalta": "Cymbalta (duloxetine) is a selective serotonin and norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor antidepressant (SSNRI). It affects chemicals in the brain that may become unbalanced and cause depression.", "lotrel": "Lotrel contains a combination of amlodipine and benazepril. Amlodipine is a calcium channel blocker. Amlodipine relaxes (widens) blood vessels and improves blood flow.", "marijuana": "None", "risperdal": "Risperdal is an antipsychotic medication. It is an \"atypical antipsychotic\". It works by changing the effects of chemicals in the brain.", "ultram": "Ultram (tramadol) is a narcotic-like pain reliever.", "hydrocodone": "Hydrocodone is in a group of drugs called narcotic pain relievers.", "conal": "Chlorpheniramine and pyrilamine are antihistamines that reduce the effects of natural chemical histamine in the body. Histamine can produce symptoms of sneezing, itching, watery eyes, and runny nose.", "tylenol": "Tylenol (acetaminophen) is a pain reliever and a fever reducer.", "ketoconazole": "Ketoconazole is an antifungal medication that fights infections caused by fungus.", "lexapro": "Lexapro (escitalopram) is an antidepressant belonging to a group of drugs called selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs). Escitalopram affects chemicals in the brain that may become unbalanced and cause depression or anxiety.", "aciphex": "Aciphex (rabeprazole) belongs to a group of drugs called proton pump inhibitors. Aciphex decreases the amount of acid produced in the stomach.", "maxalt": "Maxalt (rizatriptan) is a headache medicine that narrows the blood vessels around the brain. Rizatriptan also reduces substances in the body that can trigger headache pain, nausea, sensitivity to light and sound, and other migraine symptoms.", "diazepam": "Diazepam is a benzodiazepine (ben-zoe-dye-AZE-eh-peens). It affects chemicals in the brain that may become unbalanced and cause anxiety.", "ritalin": "Ritalin (methylphenidate) is a central nervous system stimulant. It affects chemicals in the brain and nerves that contribute to hyperactivity and impulse control.", "zantac": "Zantac (ranitidine) belongs to a group of drugs called histamine-2 blockers. Zantac works by reducing the amount of acid your stomach produces.", "advil": "Advil (ibuprofen) is a nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID). It works by reducing hormones that cause inflammation and pain in the body.", "warfarin": "Warfarin is an anticoagulant (blood thinner). It reduces the formation of blood clots.", "nexium": "Nexium (esomeprazole) belongs to a group of drugs called proton pump inhibitors. Esomeprazole decreases the amount of acid produced in the stomach.", "nardil": "Phenelzine is a monoamine oxidase inhibitor (MAOI) that works by increasing the levels of certain chemicals in the brain.", "bextra": "Bextra was withdrawn from the U.S. market in 2005.", "suboxone": "Suboxone contains a combination of buprenorphine and naloxone. Buprenorphine is an opioid medication. An opioid is sometimes called a narcotic. Naloxone is an special narcotic drug that reverses the effects of other narcotic medicines.", "ultracet": "Ultracet contains a combination of tramadol and acetaminophen. Tramadol is a narcotic-like pain reliever. Acetaminophen is a less potent pain reliever that increases the effects of tramadol.", "acetaminophen": "Acetaminophen is a pain reliever and a fever reducer.", "pheniramine-pyrilamine-phenyltoloxamine-phenylpropanolamine": "Pheniramine, pyrilamine, and phenyltoloxamine are antihistamines. They block the effects of the naturally occurring chemical histamine in the body. Pheniramine, pyrilamine, and phenyltoloxamine prevent sneezing; itchy, watery eyes and nose; and other symptoms of allergies and hay fever.", "effexor": "Effexor (venlafaxine) is an antidepressant in a group of drugs called selective serotonin and norepinephrine reuptake inhibitors (SSNRIs). Venlafaxine affects chemicals in the brain that may become unbalanced and cause depression.", "luvox": "Fluvoxamine is a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI) antidepressant. Fluvoxamine affects chemicals in the brain that may become unbalanced and cause obsessive-compulsive symptoms.", "dalmane": "Flurazepam is a benzodiazepine (ben-zoe-dye-AZE-eh-peen) similar to Valium. Flurazepam affects chemicals in the brain that may become unbalanced and cause sleep problems (insomnia).", "norco": "Norco contains a combination of acetaminophen and hydrocodone. Hydrocodone is an opioid pain medication. An opioid is sometimes called a narcotic.", "xanax": "Xanax (alprazolam) belongs to a group of drugs called benzodiazepines. It works by slowing down the movement of chemicals in the brain that may become unbalanced. This results in a reduction in nervous tension (anxiety).", "clonazepam": "Clonazepam is in a group of drugs called benzodiazepines (ben-zoe-dye-AZE-eh-peens). It affects chemicals in the brain that may become unbalanced and cause anxiety.", "sotalol": "Sotalol is a beta-blocker that affects the heart and circulation (blood flow through arteries and veins).", "hydroxyzine": "Hydroxyzine reduces activity in the central nervous system. It also acts as an antihistamine that reduces the natural chemical histamine in the body. Histamine can produce symptoms of sneezing and runny nose, or hives on the skin.", "ativan": "Ativan (lorazepam) is in a group of drugs called benzodiazepines (ben-zoe-dye-AZE-eh-peens). It affects chemicals in the brain that may become unbalanced and cause anxiety.", "diflucan": "Diflucan (fluconazole) is an antifungal antibiotic.", "azithromycin": "Azithromycin is an antibiotic that fights bacteria.", "tetracycline": "Tetracycline is an antibiotic that fights bacteria in the body.", "oxycontin": "OxyContin (oxycodone) is an opioid pain medication. An opioid is sometimes called a narcotic.", "amiodarone": "Amiodarone is an antiarrhythmic medication that affects the rhythm of heartbeats.", "benicar": "Benicar (olmesartan) is an angiotensin II receptor antagonist. Olmesartan keeps blood vessels from narrowing, which lowers blood pressure and improves blood flow.", "modafinil": "Modafinil is a medication that promotes wakefulness.", "amphetamine": "Amphetamine is a stimulant and an appetite suppressant. It stimulates the central nervous system (nerves and brain) by increasing the amount of certain chemicals in the body. This increases heart rate and blood pressure and decreases appetite, among other effects.", "avelox": "Avelox (moxifloxacin) is an antibiotic in a group of drugs called fluoroquinolones (flor-o-KWIN-o-lones). Moxifloxacin fights bacteria in the body.", "morphine": "Morphine is an opioid pain medication. An opioid is sometimes called a narcotic.", "demerol": "Demerol (meperidine) is an opioid pain medication. An opioid is sometimes called a narcotic.", "materna": "Multivitamins are a combination of many different vitamins that are normally found in foods and other natural sources.", "excedrin": "Excedrin contains a combination of acetaminophen, aspirin, and caffeine. Acetaminophen is a pain reliever and a fever reducer. Aspirin is in a group of drugs called salicylates. It works by reducing substances in the body that cause pain, fever, and inflammation. Caffeine is a central nervous system stimulant. It relaxes muscle contractions in blood vessels to improve blood flow.", "dilantin": "Dilantin (phenytoin) is an anti-epileptic drug, also called an anticonvulsant. It works by slowing down impulses in the brain that cause seizures.", "codeine": "Codeine is an opioid pain medication. An opioid is sometimes called a narcotic.", "stadol": "Butorphanol is in a class of drugs called narcotic analgesics. It relieves pain.", "celebrex": "Celebrex (celecoxib) belongs to a group of drugs called nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs). It works by reducing hormones that cause inflammation and pain in the body.", "multivitamin": "Multivitamins are a combination of many different vitamins that are normally found in foods and other natural sources.", "coumadin": "Coumadin (warfarin) is an anticoagulant (blood thinner). Warfarin reduces the formation of blood clots."}